WIP: Medical facility (#6079)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/near earth jobs.txt

		payment
		payment 1000
		dialog `Your passengers thank you for returning them to <planet>, and you collect your payment of <payment>.`
mission "Transport patient [1]"
	name `Transport patient"
	job
	repeat

> 	description `Transfer a patient with his personal nurse to <destination> for better medical care. Payment is <payment>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Transfer a patient with their personal nurse to <destination> for better medical care. Payment is <payment>`
```

	passenger 2
	deadline
	to offer
		random > 30
	source
		government "Republic"
		not system "Sol"
	destination
		"Earth"
	on offer 
		require "Medical Facility"
	on complete
		payment 50000

> 		dialog `Your passenger's personal nurse thanks you for transporting him`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog `Your passenger's nurse thanks you for transporting them and hands you your payment of <payment>.`
```
